On the riverside there is a child friendly pub named Aromi with 1 out of 5 ratings.
There is a moderately cheap coffee shop in Riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine called The Wrestlers.
There's an expensive place called Midsummer House with burgers, fries, and drinks near the All Bar One.
Fitzbillies is a affordable sushi restaurant location in The Six Bells.
Bibimbap House is a fast food restaurant located near Clare Hall.
Just down the road from Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada, a 3-star family friendly sushi restaurant
Cotto is a 5 out of 5 customer rated, family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food near Ranch.
The Loch Fyne is a child-friendly restaurant. It serves French food and is expensive.
The Waterman is a one star rated pub north of the City centre.
Conveniently located near Café Rouge in the riverside area, Green Man offers Italian food .
Alimentum offers French food. It is not child-friendly. The prices are more than £ 30. Located in the area of riverside
The Golden Curry, located near The Bakers, offers wine, cheese platters, and fondue for a mid-level price.
Near The Bakers, Giraffe is a child friendly coffee shop with a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman, a family-friendly restaurant in the riverside area is a good, cheap option.  It is family-friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
The coffee shop The Eagle is located near Burger King in  riverside, it has a moderate price range and a kid friendly atmosphere with Italian food and a rating of 3 out of 5.
Near Café Rouge you can visit family friendly place called The Plough. It serves cheap French food.
Zizzi is an Indian pub that is highly rated and kid friendly.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant located in city centre. It is not family-friendly.
Clowns is located near Café Sicilia. They are kid friendly and moderately priced.
There is one restaurant The Waterman located in the riverside  that provides French food in less than £20 and having average customer rating but not family-friendly.
City centre pub The Mill, offers high end Italian cuisine.
Browns Cambridge is a low priced five star Italian restaurant located in the city centre.
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant located in the riverside area. Meals are in the 20-25 pound range and it is kid friendly.
There is a family friendly restaurant called The Rice Boat.
The Cambridge Blue Pub is moderately priced pub in the city offering delicious burgers and fries.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop in the less than £20 price range with a low rating. It's located in the city centre near Burger King and serves Italian food.
The family friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies provides sushi. It is medium priced and has a 1 star rating.
Fitzbillies is the name of a coffee shop.  They serve French food with moderate price ranges.
The Asian Cuisine, family friendly restaurant, The Rice Boat, is an affordable place that is conveniently next to the Express by Holiday Inn
With price range of more than £30 and low customer rating, Cotto at the riverside near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop serving Japanese food.
Alimentum is a restaurant providing fast food in the mid price range. It is located in the city centre.
Near Ranch there is a low rated English family friendly restaurant named Cotto
There is a pub called Green Man near Café Rouge on the Riverside. It serves fast food.
The Waterman is an Italian pub in the riverside area, and has high customer ratings.
Loch Fyne restaurant, British food, no kids.
The Rice Boat is a 3 star winery that is family-friendly, and affordable. It has an ideal location just North of City centre and right next to Express by Holiday Inn.
Alimentum is a low priced restaurant that is family friendly and located just north of the city centre.
The Waterman is a  child friendly Chinese restaurant with high customer ratings. The price range is £20-25 and the restaurant is in the city centre.
Adult establishment Fitzbillies, rated 3 out of 5 by customers, can be found near Express by Holiday Inn for £20-25.
a restaurant supplies Indian food on a beautiful riverside site and children friendly stuff make its price cheap its called  Fitzbillies
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that is family friendly, moderately priced Japanese food close to Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
Aromi ; this fast food  and coffee shop offers child friendly service in their riverside premises, they have average customer reviews
Zizzi is an average, family friendly Indian pub.
The Phoenix serves Japanese food in the riverside area. The customer rating is 3 out of 5. Their prices range £20-25.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada, an English restaurant with low-priced food. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
The family-friendly restaurant The Wrestlers, while rated low by customers, offers English food priced at less than £20.
While not a family-friendly coffee shop, Blue Spice has an average price is less than £20 that matches it's average customer rating and is located near Avalon in the riverside area.
The Eagle is an expensive Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King that is not child friendly . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is an establishment that serves Chinese food. It is located near the centre of the city, has low customer ratings, and is not child friendly.
The Plough is a kids-friendly restaurant. It is located near The Bakers and is moderately priced.
A Chinese pub, The Mill, is located in the city centre. It is in the high price range.
The Punter family friendly fast food coffee shop has cheap prices.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located near Café Sicilia.
A 1 star rated pub Aromi sat next to the river with a no children policy.
Loch Fyne is a low priced Italian restaurant, adults only.
The Wrestlers sells Chinese food at more than £30, with a high rating and is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside. Its prices lie within the less than £20 range. No families.
Loch Fyne is an adult Japanese style restaurant.
The Twenty Two is a delicious Chinese restaurant and great for kids too.
The Mill is by riverside. It is a French pub with a price range of £20-25.
Blue Spice is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away.
Located in riverside, The Olive Grove is a moderately priced pub that provides Japanese food which is not kids friendly.
There is a pub called The Cambridge Blue near the Café Brazil that serves  English food for £32.
Around the corner from Café Brazil, The Cambridge Blue pub is popular for its English cuisine.
Loch Fyne Italian restaurant has a family friendly atmosphere for less than 20 euros.
French restaurant, The Rice Boat, offers stunning French cuisine in a riverside setting . Can be found near Express by Holiday Inn
There is a coffee shop that is children friendly in riverside. The name is Browns Cambridge. Their customer rating is high and they serve Italian food. They are near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant with a price range of more than £30. It isn't children-friendly.
Located close to All Bar One is our value for money five star seafood venue Midsummer House.
great family place is The Dumpling Tree its a pub that sells French food is next to The Portland Arms
There is a highly rated French pub called Wildwood that has a price range of £20-25.
Located in the city centre,The Waterman has Japanese food and is not kids friendly. It has a low customer rating and a price range higher then £30.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside is The Rice Boat. A low priced restaurant serving Indian food.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is low.
Blue Spice is a children friendly coffee shop near Avalon, by the riverside. Their prices are average and their customer ratings are high.
Alimentum is a fair-priced venue located on the outskirts of the city.
The Punter, is near of Café Sicilia with a service of French food and a high price range
In the City centre near Yippee Noodle Bar is Alimentum.  It is highly rated, but low priced.
Green Man is a French food place, children friendly place in the city centre near the All Bar One. Price ranging more than £30.
A French restaurant named The Waterman is a not so family-friendly for a price range of less than £20 located in the riverside area with low customer rating
It has a price range of more than £30 with a low customer rating. Named Fitzbillies is kid friendly near Express by Holiday Inn.
Loch Fyne is a child friendly restaurant serving Italian cuisine.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family-friendly Japanese cuisine coffee shop located in the city centre with a 5 out of 5 rating.
Aromi coffee shop serves Japanese food for adults only with low customer rating
The Mill is a pub that offers Japanese food with a price more than £30. It is located in the city centre.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that offers wine.  It is located near Burger King.
The Wrestlers is a mid range restaurant in the city centre.
Cotto offers sushi near the Ranch in an adult-friendly atmosphere.
Alimentum offers Indian eating for under £20 in the riverside area. It's not suitable for children.
Near to Café Rouge a place called Cotto that serves French food.
High priced English food can be found in the city centre at The Dumpling Tree restaurant.
The Eagle, cheap and family-friendly, is a coffee shop that serves Fast food.  Near Burger King it is in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge is certainly rated highly by customers and presents an array of Indian dishes with a usual spend of £20-£25 generally.
Strada is a restaurant with an average customer rating.
A fast food takeout The Twenty Two is not family friendly.
The Golden Curry is a cheap family friendly Italian venue situated near The Bakers.
The Rice Boat in the riverside area has English food, is child-friendly, and has a high customer rating.
In the city centre area, Alimentum French restaurant offers a moderate price range. We are not kid friendly.
Mid price range coffee shop Wildwood has 3 stars and is near to Ranch.
The Plough is a restaurant near The Bakers.  The restaurant is not conducive for a family, but the prices are less than £20.
The Waterman is located in the city centre. It serves fast food, is child friendly and has average ratings and cheap food.
The Phoenix was given a 3 out of 5 customer rating for Fast food places near riverside.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is along the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that offers Italian food on a price range of cheap and is also family friendly.
Cheap prices can be found at Fitzbillies which is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
The pub called The Olive Grove which is cheap and child-friendly it serves Italian food is located in riverside
The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant located in city centre with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace was given an average customer rating and is a coffee shop and fast food place in the city center area with a high price range.
Italian coffee shop Cotto, has a customer rating of 5 out 5 for it's cheap prices, and can be found near The Portland Arms on the riverside
A kid friendly and moderately priced English food restaurant is Loch Fyne.
There is a restaurant close to The Baker called The Wrestlers, which is cheap and suitable for families.
The Browns Cambridge is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel and it has a one star rating.
The Midsummer House is a low-priced 3 star restaurant located near All Bar One.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced, kid-friendly, Chinese restaurant. It's located in the city center near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Cotto is a average rated family friendly Chinese restaurant near Ranch.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced, low reviewed Italian restaurant that welcomes families.
Clowns is a pub that is in the riverside area. It has an customer rating of average and the price range is high.
For less than £20 you can eat Japanese food at The Dumpling Tree restaurant.
Strada is a French restaurant that serves average priced food near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is not kid friendly but has a high customer rating.
The Phoenix is A restaurant serving food at a reduced price and is located near the river
there's a family friendly coffee shop in a cheap price range  near Raja Indian Cuisine  called The Wrestlers
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that has French food and a price range of £20-25.
In the city centre near The Sorrento there is an Indian coffee shop called The Mill.  The price range is moderate.
For average food head to Midsummer House near Café Rouge.
If you are willing to spend over 30 pounds, there is a pub style Chinese place called The Mill in Riverside.
The Cricketers is a children friendly pub near Ranch. It has a 5 out of 5 rating
The Golden Curry offers Italian food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is family friendly.
This cheap riverside eatery, The Rice Boat,  specializes in Italian food and has a 5 out of 5 rating to prove it.  It is near the Express by Holiday Inn in riverside and is not family-friendly.
Blue Spice, a child-friendly, riverside restaurant, located near Avalon, has a 5 out of 5 rating and
Though Loch Fyne is children friendly, it costs more than £30. However, it is a nice Indian restaurant.
Strada with a low rating and price range less than £20 is not family-friendly.
The Mill is a cheap Italian pub by the riverside.
For great Chinese food, Browns Cambridge is worth the price.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant geared towards adults that is in the medium price range.
There is a pub, Strada, located near Yippee Noodle Bar. It specializes in Chinese food and is rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
Yes, The Golden Curry is restaurant French with rank 1 out of 5
The Rice Boat in Riverside near Loch Fyne has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 serves French food.
The Rice Boat serves Japanese food and is highly rated by its customers with an average price range of £20-25. It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn and is an adult establishment
The family-friendly The Waterman serves cheap French food. It is located in the city centre and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Strada is a Japanese Pub with a high customer rating.  It is near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Visit The Punter, a children-friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia.  Sporting a 3 out of 5 customer rating, this shop offers high priced French food,
The Mill is a pub that serves Fast food by the riverside.  It has cheap pricing.
Zizzi is an expensive coffee shop in riverside that is not children friendly and only has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
There is moderately priced coffee shop serving Italian food on the riverside near The Sorrento. It's called The Mill.
The Waterman is a French pub by the riverside with an average customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree is located close to the city.  Great place to take a date cuz its moderately low price and has great pasta.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant that has an average rating. It allows children, has a moderate price range and is in the city centre.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is The Rice Boat. It has 5 out 5 customer ratings despite it's food being higher than 30 euros.
The Wrestlers is a kid-friendly Chinese restaurant with a high rating. The average price range is £20-25.
In the Riverside area, there is a coffee shop which serves Italian food, the customer rating is 3 out of 5, the price range is moderate  by the name of The Golden Palace.
The Phoenix sells English food on the riverside. It is rated 3 of 5 stars.
The Eagle is located in the city centre, it has an average customer rating and is in the lower end of the price range at less than £20
Taste of Cambridge is a moderately priced restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Zizzi is a coffee shop located in the riverside area. it is kid friendly and moderately priced. Customers give it a 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a place where moderate priced Italian food can be found. Theres a very low 1 out of 5 rate and its not the friendliest place to take the kids
The Phoenix is  a cheap Italian in the riverside area with an average rating
Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn is family friendly and cheap but has average customer rating.
Alimentum is a  French restaurant with 5 out 5 customer ratings that served affordable dishes is located in Riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
With a low customer rating, The Wrestlers is an Italian restaurant that isn't family-friendly, where you can expect to dine for less than £20.
Located in the heart of city centre, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is an upscale, yet family-friendly, Japanese coffee shop.
The Cricketers  is a beautiful Pub  providing Fun for the Whole Family Our Prices Will Blow You Away. It is located in the city at 130 southpawn road right across from the Ranch.
The Punter coffee shop near the Café Sicilia offers moderately priced Italian food in a kids friendly environment, It has been rated 1 out of 5 by previous customers.
The Rice Boat is a highly rated Indian restaurant, serving a menu that is mid priced. This venue is situated near Express by Holiday Inn and is family friendly.
A good Fast food restaurant is The Phoenix with a high costumer rating and low prices starting at £20-25. Located in city centre.
Serving Italian food at a high price range, Bibimbap House can be found near Clare Hall in the city centre.
Japanese food at Fitzbillies coffee shop in the city centre is an expensive adult only place with a low customer rating
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing cheeses, wine, fruits and desserts in the high price range that is family-welcomed
A restaurant in the riverside are with a price range of more than L30, the Blue Spice offers Italian cuisine.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop located next to Café Sicilia.  It is not family friendly.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the low price range. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Phoenix has a price range of less than £20. It serves Italian food in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is located in the riverside area. They serve Chinese food.
When looking for a high end, child friendly coffee shop, Zizzi is the place.  Customer rated 1 out of 5.
The Waterman cooks up moderate priced English cuisine on the riverside. Its kids friendly but has a 1 out of 5 average customer rating.
Food, is family-friendly, The Waterman, Cheap, Riverside, 5 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is a not family-friendly pub and is quite cheap. It serves Fast food near the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop located North of the Cambridge city centre. It is Family friendly and licensed. Bar and appetizer menu is available.
Try Blue Spice in the riverside area for great Chinese food less that £20.
The Golden Palace is an Italian coffee shop located in riverside with a low customer rating and a price range that is less than  £20.
With a rating of 1 out of 5, The Golden Curry is located in riverside near Café Rouge. It is kids friendly and serves Indian.
With low customer ratings, The Rice Boat has a price range of more than £30, and is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
an average, cheap Italian in the riverside area would be The Phoenix
The Golden Curry serves sushi and is 3 stars. It is family friendly and near Café Rouge.
With a high price Range, The Mill is a Fast food pub by the riverside.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that serves Chinese cuisine to all ages.
The Dumpling Tree is a family Friendly pub serving Italian food. Found near to The Portland Arms.
Green Man is a mid-priced family restaurant, located near All Bar One.
Browns Cambridge is a high rated attraction for only £20-25
Bibimbap House has Indian food and is located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
Cocum is a coffee shop. They welcome families to come and enjoy a coffee  with them. They have been rated one star and  cost a considerable amount to drink there.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
The Strada pub, near Yippee Noodle Bar, serves English food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
for some not too expensive food try the Alimentum in the city centre.
A cheap fast food restaurant in the centre of the city near the Yippee Noodle Bar with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is Alimentum.
The coffee shop called The Eagle, near Burger King in the riverside area, is a children friendly restaurant that serves Indian food and has 1 out of 5 stars, it has a high price range.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a children friendly restaurant in the high price range.
Alimentum is an Italian restaurant located Riverside. It has a £20-25 price range and is Kid friendly.
Near Café Sicilia it's found a 5of5 class  coffee shop, is called The Punter, serves serves cheap food
The Golden Palace that serves sushi that has a low rating of 1 star and average in price range
Strada is a child friendly Indian near to Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is in the high price range but is suitable for children.
The Bibimbap House serves Chinese food, with meals at a moderate price. in the city centre area near Clare Hall.
Aromi is a one-star, family friendly, sit-down restaurant near the river.
Browns Cambridge is a high class restaurant.
Zizzi is a family-friendly coffee shop located in riverside with an average rating and prices less than £20.
Near The Portland Arms on the riverside is The Punter. It is a family friendly place with a cheap price range.
The Golden Curry is an affordable Asian restaurant located near The Bakers that is not where you bring the whole family.
There is a high price range Indian food place by the riverside that is rated 1 out of 5 by customers called The Waterman. It is not children friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a cheap restaurant of Italian food.
Strada has a low customer rating, priced more than £30 but is children friendly.
With a rating of 5 out of 5, Midsummer House is a French restaurant near Café Rouge
Next to All Bar One is Midsummer House. Rated five stars, Midsummer House serves high priced meals.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area you can find The Wrestlers. This adult coffee shop serves inexpensive Italian food.
In the city centre you can find an expensive, and somewhat disappointing to customers, French coffee shop called The Golden Palace.  n
Cocum is not kid friendly. It has a  customer rating of 1 out of 5.
in riverside The Olive Grove is a pub that serves fast food between £20-£25 that is also kids friendly.
A Japanese restaurant near the city centre and The Rice Boat is the highly rated Loch Fyne.
With a 1 out of 5 rating Midsummer House serves Italian cuisine in the high price range, found not far from All Bar One.
The Rice Boat, a  5 star,  family-friendly restaurant located close to the Express by Holiday Inn, serves low-priced food and spirits.
Green Man is an inexpensive non-family friendly Indian restaurant located in Riverside near All Bar One
A casual pub style restaurant, Green Man serves Japanese traditional food. It is located in the riverside area near the Café Rouge.
When looking for a Pub near Café Rouge, The Plough is high end and is child friendly.
The Twenty Two is a child friendly placed located in the city centre near The Rice Boat, but it is not children friendly.
Cocum is a children friendly pub with a high customer rating and a price of more than £30 per head.
The Wrestlers are family friendly with a price range of less than  £20. The food is English and the customer rating is low.
The Rice Boat is a one-star dine-in restaurant that is fit for the whole family. It is located near the river.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant in the city center which is near Express by Holiday Inn and it has a high customer rating with price ranged more than £30. It is also children friendly.
If you are looking for something different check out Cotto, a coffee shop that is located near The Portland Arms.  Cotto serves so much more than just coffee.  Stop by this upscale shop and enjoy a wide range of exotic and local treats.
The Browns Cambridge serves high priced yet average Chinese food.
The Punter offers French food for a price of £20-25.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is average.
Located near the Café Sicilia, The Punter coffee shop offers Indian food in the high price range. It is not children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A high priced English pub near Café Rouge is The Plough. It is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a high priced Indian food establishment with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.  It is not children friendly.
Come sit down at The Cambridge Blue for some English fair.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that is located near a Ranch. It serves Indian and its prices are less than £20. However, customer ratings are low.
The Twenty Two is in the high price range has a rating of 1 out of 5, is child friendly, in the riverside area  near The Rice Boat
Zizzi is a family friendly restaurant that is 5 stars.
The Golden Curry near Café Rouge in riverside is a Japanese venue that is kid friendly with a 1 out of 5 rating.
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant located near Ranch.  Cotton is kid friendly and has been highly rated by customers.
The Twenty Two is a non-family friendly fast food establishment
Fitzbillies, serving Chinese food near The Six Bells, has a high price range.
A great pub for the whole family, Cocum is rated 5 stars.
Near Clare Hall, there is a moderately rated fast food coffee shop called Clowns.
There is a highly rated Indian restaurant by the river, near the Express by Holiday Inn. It's called The Rice Boat and costs over £30. Child friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves high price range Indian food. It is located at the riverside near The Portland Arms and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The coffee shop Wildwood near the Ranch serves Japanese food, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of £20-25.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant in riverside  with a price range of 20-25. It is kid friendly, has a high customer rating.
Strada, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café has French food for more than  £30, is children friendly, but has a low customer rating.
French cuisine with a high customer rating at Loch Fyne, located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a pub called The Golden Palace with meals available from under £20 with a setting by the riverside
The Punter is a Japanese coffee shop with a low rating. It's very pricey, family friendly, and located near Café Sicilia.
Beside the Café Rouge Japanese restaurant  is an average rated 3 out of 5 Midsummer House.
Located near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a coffee shop that serves fast food. They have a low price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Giraffe is a restaurant near The Six Bells that sells cheap food
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in a family friendly venue in the riverside area. It has perfect customer ratings.
The Waterman is located in city centre and is kids friendly.
The Waterman is a French restaurant situated on the riverside.  It has a high rating, not child friendly and price range of £20-£25.
In the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn is an Italian food place called The Rice Boat. It is not kids friendly but has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and a moderate price range.
The Golden Curry, an English restaurant in a moderate price range that is not kids friendly is situated near The Bakers
Three out of five customers recommend The Twenty Two. It is kid friendly and moderately price. In the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant offering moderately priced English food in a child free atmosphere.
A kid friendly French restaurant located near the riverside and near The Sorrento is Browns Cambridge.
There is a French coffee shop that is kid friendly on the riverside. The customer rating is 1 out of 5 and the name of the shop is Aromi.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant. It offers Indian food at a moderate price.
The English pub Zizzi is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There's a restaurant serving Indian food in the price range of £20-25 called The Rice Boat.  It's got a high customer rating and is not suitable for kids.  It's in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Not far from the Express by Holiday Inn, you will find The Rice Boat.  This restaurant has a  fantastic rating of between 3 and 5 for the excellent French food.  Though not family-friendly, is offers food in the higher price area.
Browns Cambridge serves inexpensive but high quality food.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food in the cheap price range and has 3 out of 5 stars
An English restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a high customer rating is Strada. The price range is more than £30 and the restaurant is not friendly to children.
The Rice Boat is a fast food restaurant located in the city centre.
The Giraffe is a pub located in the city centre, selling French food. It is not suitable for families.
Fitzbillies is a Fast food restaurant near The Six Bells.  The average price range is £20-25.
Alimentum is a high price, non-family-friendly Italian restaurant in the city centre.
The Twenty Two has fast food and is not kids friendly.
The Waterman offers 5 star pasta for the family, located near river.
Bibimbap House, located near The Rice Boat on the riverside, provides English food.
Aromi is an Indian restaurant near the city centre.
A non family friendly cheap Indian pub near Riverside is The Olive Grove.
The Phoenix, which serves cheap Indian food, has an average customer rating and is located in the city centre.
A restaurant which is children friendly would be Wildwood.
No, Aromi is French restaurant with coffee shop located in the city centre with rank 5 out of 5
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, there is a cheap family-friendly restaurant called Strada. It serves British food and has a customer rating of three out of five.
The Plough is a pub serving Italian food for less than £20. It is family-friendly and near Café Rouge.
Green Man is located in the centre of the city near All Bar One.  For adults, it has prices under £20 and serves English food.
The Cambridge Blue is a five star restaurant that provides a variety of tasting and pairing with wine.
The Waterman is a French pub in the city centre with low customer satisfaction.
Loch Fyne provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It is near The Rice Boat. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Plough Pub provides British food in the low price range, located near Café Rouge. Families are not permitted in the premises.
Loch Fyne fast food restaurant is inexpensive and family friendly.
The Portland Arms is near the Cotto shop, offering a great breakfast. Has great ratings,
Alimentum is a fast food restaurant in the city centre located near The Yippee Noodle Bar. The price range is high but customers rate it 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel.  This child friendly  restaurant serves Japanese food and has a low rating.
The Rice Boat, a high-priced, well-reviewed family restaurant is a short distance from Express by Holiday Inn.
The Golden Curry serves Italian food in the city centre. It is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
Inexpensive food is served at Wildwood coffee shop. It is near to Ranch.
Fast food at The Cambridge Blue restaurant has a high customer rating.
The Midsummer House is a Japanese place near Café Rouge. It only has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers providing English Food, cheap price range, and average costumer rating.
The Waterman is a Japanese food place that is not kids friendly located in the city centre.
The Eagle is a very highly-rated restaurant which serves French food.
Near The Portland Arms you have The Cricketers which is a family friendly coffee shop.
A moderately priced, Italian restaurant called The Waterman has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  This adult's only restaurant is located in the riverside area.
The Dumpling Tree is a cheap coffee shop in the price range less than £20. It is located in the city centre near the Café Sicilia and it is family-friendly.
The Vaults is a cheap coffee shop with high customer rating. It is in riverside near Café Brazil.
Fitzbillies provides French food for £20-25 near The Six Bells.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Indian food. It has a  high price range and a high customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre area.
The Rice Boat is located near to Express by Holiday Inn, in the riverside area. It serves Italian cuisine and is priced at £20-25. It has a high customer rating but it is not child friendly.
Bibimbap House sells expensive Chinese food near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
The Punter is a kids friendly and moderately price coffee shop. It has a customer rating of 3 out of , it serves Indian food and is located near Café Sicilia.
The Golden Curry offers kids friendly atmosphere and good English food. Customer ratings 3 out of 5.
Located in the Riverside area is a higher priced fast food restaurant The Phoenix which boasts average customers reviews.
Near the Café Adriatic in the riverside area is the Travellers Rest Beefeater. The customer rating is 1 out of  and the price range is moderate.
Browns Cambridge is a 5 star restaurant that serves Indian food at a low price.
The Vaults is a non family-friendly Fast food restaurant with prices less than £20.
Located in the city centre area is an English pub named The Mill with a high price range.
Cotto is a expensive coffee shop located close to The Portland Arms.
The coffee shop named Fitzbillies located in the city center was rated 1 out of 5 by customers. The children were friendly despite the high prices there.
An inexpensive Italian restaurant is The Dumpling Tree.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers French food in a moderate price range.  They are not kid friendly and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The coffee shop Cocum serves Italian food at a moderate price with a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is kid friendly.
Blue Spice in the city centre is an average rated, family-friendly venue, with a cheap menu.
The coffee shop, Fitzbillies, is an average priced fast food restaurant located in the city center. It is rated highly among customers and is not kid friendly.
At the riverside is Aromi serving French fare. It is an average rated, child friendly coffee shop.
The Rice Boat is family friendly, low cost with an average rating. It serves English food and is located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area.
The Olive Grove is a family friendly moderately priced pub located near the river.
The Twenty Two is a company that makes French food. It is family friendly and located in the riverside area.
The Waterman is a Chinese food, kids Friendly restaurant , with high price Range and average customer Rating located in the city centre.
The Dumpling Tree is a Chinese pub that is family friendly near The Portland Arms.
The Phoenix is a restaurant near riverside that  serves Indian food. It has 3 out of 5 stars.
The Waterman is a Japanese restaurant with a high rating and price range of £20-25. It is not kid friendly.
There is a family friendly English pub with a low customer rating called Zizzi.
The Eagle is coffee shop that serves average French food in city centre near Burger King. It is not family-friendly place with  price less than £20.
The Rice Boat restaurant down by the riverside  the is near the Express by Holiday Inn.  It offers cheap Italian food and has an average customer rating but is not family-friendly
Browns Cambridge is a restaurant in the low price range. It is located in the city center. It has really good reviews.
After you have come out of the Yippee Noodle Bar go to the Alimentum located at the centre of the city.
Located near the center of the city, The Waterman, an English restaurant, boasts an average rating and high prices, while not welcoming children.
Giraffe is an amazing riverside pub that you can go to for any French cravings. Unfortunately its a pub, so its not good for your children, but a night out with your friends is perfect for Giraffe.
Alimentum offers cheap Indian food in the city centre, near the Yippee Noodle Bar. It has an average rating by customers.
The Waterman has Chinese food with a low price range. It is kids friendly and is located in the city centre with an average rating.
The Eagle is a moderate French coffee shop near Burger King in city centre.  It is not kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating.
A reasonably priced pub, The Punter serves British food and can be found in the city center.
The Vaults is a moderately priced coffee shop located near Café Brazil in the City Centre with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Highly rated Italian restaurant The Phoenix is located in City center and has low prices.
In the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a not family-friendly French coffee shop that is rated 5 out of 5.  It is Browns Cambridge.
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Waterman near The Crowne Plaza Hotel, has Italian food in a family friendly atmosphere.
The Punter is an average price range coffee shop that offers French food in a kids friendly place. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 and it is located near to the Café Sicilia.
A moderately priced coffee Shop 'The Vaults'  found in the Riverside area, close to Café Brazil, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located in city centre, Alimentum,  near Yippee Noodle Bar provides Chinese food with a moderate price range, and customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre sells English food at cheap price with average rating but not family-friendly.
Cocum is a children friendly restaurant with an average customer rating.
Green Man is a moderately priced, kid friendly restaurant in Riverside.
Strada is a cheap Indian restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is rated 5 out of 5.
The Mill is an Indian coffee shop located in riverside, near The Sorrento, that is cheap.
There is a moderately priced English food restaurant Bibimbap House near Clare Hall in the city center.
Near The Rice Boat on the riverside with Italian food and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 is Loch Fyne.
Wildwood is a pub with a cheap price and a low customer rating that serves Fast food.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop, located in the city centre. It has a low customer rating and is not child-friendly. The price range is more than £30.
The French food at Blue Spice by the River side is more than £30.
Bibimbap House located in the city center near The Rice Boat serves French food.
A restaurant in the average price range. It is kid friendly is called Travellers Rest Beefeater.
While The Rice Boat is a family-friendly, Japanese restaurant in the city centre, customers give it a low rating.
For a moderate price The Eagle coffee shop offers Indian Cuisine in the city centre.   While the restaurant is not kid friendly there is a Burger King nearby and it has a customer rating of  3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a low price Fast food near the Burger King with low customer rating.
customer rating is poor 1 out of 5, but The Eagle is quality food
The Japanese food, The Eagle, has a high customer rating.
coffee shop serving Japanese food, Cotto is high priced with a rating of 3 out of 5, located near The Portland Arms in city center.
Alimentum is a Chinese food restaurant located in the centre of the city that is not family friendly. It costs less than  £20.
There is an expensive coffee shop Cocum that provides French. It is children friendly but has a low customer rating.
Giraffe pub in riverside has French food and is kid friendly.
The Eagle is a more expensive, children-friendly, fast-food coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre. Customers have rated the location 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is an inexpensive, yet 5-star, location offering typical American fare in a family friendly atmosphere near the river.
The Cricketers is an Indian coffee shop near The Portland Arms. This is a highly rated, non-family friendly establishment.
With an average customer rating, The Twenty Two pub is located in riverside near Café Sicilia.
There is a high rated Chinese restaurant near All Bar One with food in the £20-25 price range named Midsummer House.
The Waterman is child friendly and has an average customer rating. They serve high-priced Fast food in the riverside area.
The Vaults is a coffee shop near the Café Brazil in the riverside area. with a moderate price range and  3 out of  5 customer rating.
If you're looking to get some Japanese food on the cheap, Cocum is a coffee shop with a rating of 5 out of 5. It's a great place to visit if you can find a babysitter to look after the kids.
The Cambridge Blue is an affordable pub located near Café Brazil.
The riverside is one of the many popular places to eat in Cambridge, in particular there is a coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge not far from the Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee shop specialises in Italian food and is also a family friendly environment.
Located in riverside is an Italian pub with high price food called The Mill
Located by riverside is the name Blue Spice. It is a child-friendly place with a price Range of high and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese restaurant in the city centre near The Sorrento, it is not family-friendly.
Midsummer House has English food at a moderate price range. It is near All Bar One. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns Italian coffee Shop scores a 5 out of 5 customer rating and can be found in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Riverside Italian food just got better at The Phoenix. Offering a 1 out of 5 rating so far.
The Rice Boat is a 3 star family place in the City Centre.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop Browns Cambridge located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre that provides Italian food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Strada is a kids friendly French food restaurant customer rated 3 out of 5, providing average price meals in the price range £20-25 situated near to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
The Olive Grove is a non family-friendly French pub located in the city centre with a price range of less that £20.
The Mill is a moderately priced French pub located on the riverside.
Cotto is a fast food restaurant near the Ranch. It has a high customer rating and is children friendly.
The Cotto is near the Ranch and has a high customer rating. It serves Japanese food and caters to kids.
Cotto is inexpensive at less than £20. It is located in the city centre near All Bar One.
The Olive Grove restaurant is family-friendly and located at the city centre.
Blue Spice is a kid-friendly coffee shop located near Avalon in the city centre with an average cost and high ratings.
Cotto is an expensive coffee and sushi shop with a three star rating. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average rated restaurant located in the riverside area near Café Adriatic.  Their price range is less than £20.
The Golden Curry servers Indian food. Its customer rating is high.  Yes it is children friendly.
Blue Spice is a sushi restaurant in the high-price range.  It is located near the river.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant near The Bakers with a high price range that serves English food and isn't children friendly.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese coffee shop offering a child friendly environment.  They are located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The English pub The Waterman down the riverside has an average customer rating.
For French food at an average of less than twenty pounds The Green Man is a family-friendly eatery near to All Bar One in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Indian cuisine with a moderate price range. Kid friendly near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area.
The Phoenix has an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre and serves Indian food.
The Eagle is a restaurant that provides Italian food. Customers rate it a 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry Indian restaurant is family friendly, but has low customer ratings.
The Olive Grove pub located at riverside serves Italian food, is high in price range and is not children friendly
The Golden Palace is a 5 out of 5 restaurant in the riverside
Browns Cambridge, the coffee shop, can be found near Crowne Plaza Hotel, in City Centre, but it is not family-friendly and has low ratings.
The Golden Curry is priced less than £20 for an Italian meal. It is family friendly and near The Bakers.
Cocum offers French food and is based around a coffee shop. Even though it is not family-friendly and has an average rating the prices are less than £20
Cotto serves Indian food  near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid-friendly.
The Plough is a family-friendly restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn Hotel.
In riverside, there is a moderately priced English restaurant called The Waterman. It is not kid friendly, and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Strada is an expensive, 3 star restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The coffee shop The Punter, located near Café Sicilia serves fast food in the moderate price range. It is not family friend and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn is the kid friendly Fitzbillies. It has a low customer rating and a price range more than 30.
Aromi is a pub providing children friendly service. its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is located in riverside
The Midsummer House serves Italian food near All Bar One. It has high prices and an average customer rating.
An Italian Food serving restaurant is The Wrestlers. It has a price range between  £20-25 and is child friendly.
There is an Indian family friendly restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café called Strada.  The customer rating is low and the price range is less than 20.
The Eagle coffee shop is based in the riverside area near Burger King.  It serves food at mid range prices.  It is has a three star rating and is family friendly..
The Waterman pub offers fast food and drinks.
There is a restaurant called Midsummer House that serves Italian food. The price range is moderate and the customer rating is 1 out of 5 . it is near All Bar One
Near The Bakers there is an average customer rated coffee shop named Giraffe. It is family friendly and cheap.
The Wrestlers sell cheap Chinese food. They have an average customer rating and are not family friendly.
Nearby Café Sicilia is a moderately reviewed family friendly American coffee shop named The Punter that has high prices.
The Phoenix is a venue that offers French cuisine. It has a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
The Waterman is located in the city centre, it serves English food, is expensive, not children friendly and is highly rated.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar is a Japanese pub named Strada but it has a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Japanese food in the less than £20 price range in the city centre and has an average customer rating
coffee shop fast food moderate price range area riverside eat type fast food The Mill The Sorrento
French meals are served at Alimentum, a mid priced city centre location near Yippee Noodle Bar has average customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Italian food and is priced low with 1 out of 5 stars. It is family friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop a variety of foods, it's near Burger King in the City centre
The price range of The Mill is more than £30, and located to the riverside.
The Punter is a restaurant providing Italian food  in the mid price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop serving high priced Japanese food in city centre near Burger King that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves wine and cheese, at a high price. It can be found near The Portland Arms, and has a rating of five stars.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant, providing Italian food, located near The Rice Boat in riverside,  with a average Customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a pub providing English food. It is located city center. Less than £20 price range.
You can find Japanese food in the Riverside area at The Rice Boat.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant in city center that has a rating of 5 out of 5 it is not family friendly.
5 out of 5 customer rating, near Clare Hall in the riverside area  you will find Clowns, a coffee shop offering Japanese food.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Indian food for a moderate price range in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
There is a restaurant that serves high priced range French food called The Dumpling Tree.
Noodle dishes are served at The Punter, a more expensive place to eat.
Near The Portland Arms is a family friendly pub that serves French food called The Dumpling Tree.
The Giraffe is a pub that serves Japanese food in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat serves English food, it is located in the riverside and also it's children-friendly, rated average by customers.
Cocum coffee shop serves Indian food for less than £20. The customer rating is low and the shop is not family friendly.
Moderately priced and located in the city centre, Clowns is a pub that rates 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant which does not accept families and is middle price range. It located close to The Bakers
Loch Fyne serves Chinese food and is located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat. It has an average customer rating.
Near The Portland Arms is a restaurant The Punter which has a price range of less than £20 named The Punter which is not so much family-friendly
Located in the centre of the city, Clowns is a cheap pub with decent food
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves French food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  It is located in the city centre and is not family-friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a fast food pub located near The Portland Arms. It is also children friendly.
Alimentum is a non kid friendly English food restaurant that is priced high and in the riverside area.
There is a cheap coffee shop call Blue Spice but they are not family-friendly. They are located in riverside near Avalon.
Chinese pub The Wildwood has an average customer rating and serves food within a cheap price range.
The Olive Grove is a pub which serves Japanese food. It is family friendly and cheap, and is located in Riverside.
There is a very good fairly inexpensive coffee shop that offers wine and cheese located next to the Burger King called The Eagle.
The Mill is a French pub in the riverside area in the high price range.
The Golden Curry is family friendly place to have Japanese food within price range of less than £20. It is located by The Bakers.
There's a fast food joint near All Bar One in riverside. The price is moderate and it's kids friendly, it's name is The Green Man.
Midsummer House restaurant Located near All Bar One has low cost prices with a three out of five stars
There is a cheap restaurant The Phoenix located in the city.
Strada is a cheap priced restaurant, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, that provides Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars. It is family friendly.
The Indian coffee shop The Golden Palace has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is in the riverside area.
The Vaults is a family friendly and well priced  restaurant serving Italian food.
Zizzi, a family friendly French pub, received a customer rating of 5.
The Phoenix offers cheap English food located in riverside.
The Mill is a low-priced  coffee shop in the city centre, it is near The Sorrento.
In the city centre, near Avalon is Blue Spice. It is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop. its customer rating is low however.
A restaurant rated average near the riverside is the Indian restaurant, Loch Fyne, located across the street from the famous restaurant The Rice Boat.
The Midsummer House has Fast-food, low customer rating and is located near Café Rouge.
Cotto provides kids friendly French food with the customer rating 1 out of 5, and located near Ranch
A restaurant in the average price range located near the riverside area that has been rated average by customers is called The Eagle.
The Olive Grove, located on the riverside, has a price range between  £20-25. It is a pub and is friendly for kids.
The Wrestlers is a low-priced 1 star restaurant that is not family friendly and is located near the city centre.
Browns Cambridge, the French coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside got a 5 out of 5, but it is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area. It serves Japanese food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
Zizzi is a coffee shop in the city centre with average customer ratings and a price range of less than £20.  It is not a family-friendly place.
The Eagle provides Indian food Its customer rating is low.
The Wrestlers is a moderate priced Indian food restaurant. Rated 3 out of 5 by customers, it is not a kids friendly establishment.
Blue Spice has a high price range and is located at the riverside.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing Indian food in the less than £20 price range.
The Golden Palace is a high-priced French coffee shop in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
restaurant called Taste of Cambridge has a low customer rating and moderate prices.
Strada is an upscale children friendly Italian restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
A five star rating The Phoenix is a five star restaurant
Fast food is served at The Rice Boat, with a customer rating 1 out of 5 and an expensive price.  This venue is not child friendly and can be found near to Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area.
Cocum is a children friendly Japanese food available at coffee shop with a price range of £30 has a low customer rating.
Cotto  is an low French restaurant thats children friendly near Ranch
Browns Cambridge is an average and cheap Italian place
The restaurant Browns Cambridge offers Indian food in a moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Loch Fyne is a French restaurant that is non-children friendly with a moderate price range.
Blue Spice is a high-priced coffee shop near Avalon in the city centre that has children friendly and average customer rating.
The Cocum is an expensive, five star, family friendly coffee shop.
Zizzi is a pub that sells Chinese food. Its customer rating is high and it is family friendly
Sited near the Thames, Giraffe is an adult only pub serving English food.
Browns Cambridge is a American style restaurant that is not for families. It is located by The Sorrento.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. The Cricketers offers children friendly atmosphere and customers rating it 3 out of 5. It offers Japanese food in children friendly coffee shop.
Located in the city centre, the Blue Spice is an adult oriented restaurant with a price range of £30 and above, and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree serves  Fast food near The Portland Arms. It is children friendly pub.
There is a family-friendly Italian coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area named Taste of Cambridge
The Rice Boat serves moderately-priced Chinese food and is kid friendly. They have a 1 out of 5 rating and are located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Alimentum is a fast-food establishment. It is expensive and child-friendly. It is located in the riverside area.
Strada is a restaurant that serves French food located near  Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is no kids friendly and with a price range £20-25 and a high customer rating.
English food served at Alimentum which is located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Rice Boat is a three star family restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn that serves low-priced food and drinks.
Near Ranch there is a fast food restaurant named Wildwood. They have an average customer rating, however the coffee shop's cheap prices make up for it.
The Vaults is a kids-friendly French restaurant with a price range from £20 to £25.
In riverside, The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Indian food. It is cheap and has great ratings.
Wildwood is a pub that offers wine and cheese.
Situated in the riverside area near to Café Rouge, The Golden Curry is  family friendly and provides English food. It has a low customer rating.
A restaurant known to be kid friendly, Cocum has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle has Japanese food and is located in riverside near Burger King. It is a children friendly coffee shop and has a price range more than £30 and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a three star, family friendly, high cost restaurant called The Wrestlers.
The Blue Spice is a non-family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Avalon with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and has a cheap price range.
Near The Bakers is The Golden Curry, a low priced restaurant that is not family friendly.
Located by the riverside is a kid friendly restaurant named The Olive Grove.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre serving Indian food and costing less than  £20. It's called The Wrestlers and is near Raja Indian Cuisine. Not family friendly.
A cheap, family friendly restaurant located near the Ranch is Cotto.
In the city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn, is a highly rated fast food restaurant called The Rice Boat. It is not children friendly and is in the higher price bracket of more than £30.
Find low cost English food at The Wrestlers a place for family's with the best ratings.
A restaurant with a rating of 1 out of 5 stars called Alimentum is located near Yippee Noodle Bar on the riverside. It serves Italian and its prices are moderate.
For a Japanese style eatery Alimentum seven moderately priced meals but does not welcome kids.
The Rice Boat is  a family friendly, cheap Italian eatery, located by the riverside Express by Holiday Inn, and has received an average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The venue has a kid friendly atmosphere and is located near Café Sicilia.
There is a place called Fitzbillies near The Six Bells that serves well priced food.
In the riverside area, a children-friendly option for French food is Alimentum which costs over 30 pounds.
The high priced coffee shop Cotto in the city center near The Portland Arms has average Italian food
The Twenty Two serves Japanese food in the riverside area and is not family-friendly
Near The Sorrento, there is a children friendly Japanese restaurant called Browns Cambridge. It is located by the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant that specializes in wine pairings and is located next to The Six Bells.
Green Man is a moderately priced, non kid friendly Chinese restaurant located in city centre near All Bar One.
The Cotto ranges between twenty and twenty-five dollars with a high customer rating. The Portland Arms serves Italian food near the riverside.
Near to the Café Rouge and serving Japanese food is Cotto.
The child friendly Strada, has a price range of over £30 and a customer rating of 5 out of 5
The Rice Boat is located in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn and has a price range of less than £20 . It serves Chinese food, has a low customer rating and no, it is not family friendly.
Cocum coffee shop is a coffee shop that is very family friendly.
Alimentum is a Fast food service with a high price range located in city centre and near of Yippee Noodle Bar
Close to the All Bar One, Midsummer House offers 1 star oriental cuisine cheap.
The Punter, near Café Sicilia, is a French styled, high priced coffee shop, that is not child friendly, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Riverside venue The Golden Curry serves Italian food. It is a family-friendly venue located near to the Café Rouge, and it gains average ratings from its customers.
Blue Spice is an expensive restaurant, located far from the city centre.
The Waterman is a cheap Indian restaurant located in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a charming coffee shop featuring fast food service and lower prices to £ 20 are located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center area
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that is located next to The Rice Boat.
The Vaults is a coffee shop in Riverside near Café Brazil. The price is more than £30 but has a high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is an affordable coffee shop that offers full meal options.
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly French restaurant near Café Rouge. They are located at the city center and their customer rating is low.
Serving Italian food with a high price point, adults-only Strada is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is an adult pub Zizzi that offers cheap fast food.
Browns Cambridge is a  place where you can eat affordable meals. Browns Cambridge has been rated  three stars.
Fitzbillies is family friendly with a low price range. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating as is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
There is an Indian restaurant called The Dumpling Tree which has prices under £20
A high restaurant located near the centre of the city, serves good food for all family called Aromi
Wildwood is a cheap pub with one star average.
If you are searching for a not family-friendly French coffee shop near Café Sicilia, The Punter might be for you. The advertise cheap prices and the customer ratings are average.
The Waterman is a non kids-friendly, English restaurant in the riverside area. It is rated 1 out of 5 by customers and the price range is moderate.
Strada is a family friendly mid priced wine and cheese eatery, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn, Fitzbillies is high priced, family friendly, and has an average customer rating.
Bibimbap House is near Clare Hall on the riverside, it offers Japanese for £20-25
A place that is child friendly, along the riverside and sells English food is The Twenty Two
There is a child-friendly venue  Green Man by the riverside which offers Italian food for £30 or more. It is located near All Bar One.
Kid friendly Loch Fyne restaurant offers moderate priced Italian cuisine.
For a kid friendly and affordable fastfood restaurant in the Riverside area, head to Alimentum.
There is a pub called The Vaults near Café Adriatic that has a low customer rating and a price range of more than £30
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly venue, with a low customer rating serving low cost Italian food based in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an inexpensive coffee shop and fast food restaurant in City Centre, but its ratings are low.
Located near Clare Hall in the riverside area, Clowns is a coffee shop that received an average customer rating.
Giraffe is a French pub on the riverside that offers a kid friendly atmosphere.
The Rice Boat is near Express by Holiday Inn at riverside. It provides high priced Chinese food with a high customer rating. It is not children friendly.
The Green Man is a kid friendly restaurant serving English food with a moderate price range.  It is located near All Bar One in the riverside area.
By the riverside is a coffee shop called The Eagle that serves Japanese food near Burger King. It is rated average, not child friendly and priced a bit high.
A restaurant with Japanese food called The Waterman  is not family-friendly and is located in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and a price range more then £30.
There is a cheap coffee shop serving Indian food called The Punter near Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Golden Curry Chinese restaurant offers food for a moderate price. It is near The Bakers and considered kid friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Punter located at the Café Sicilia that provides food and beverages like wine.
The Cambridge Blue is a Japanese restaurant rated 5 out of 5 by its customers
Browns Cambridge is a low rated coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. This establishment is not family-friendly.
Near the Yippee Noodle Bar is a low rated Japanese pub called Strada
The Golden Palace, located in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is a pub in the more than £30 price range.
In the price range of over £30 is Strada. This is a child friendly location that customers have rated as high.
With 5 out of 5 customer ratings, the above average price range is worth it in Browns Cambridge.
The English pub called Strada, is located near the Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a very high customer rating
A moderately priced coffee shop named Zizzi is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant which offers Chinese food priced less than 20 pounds. It is near The Bakers.
The Wrestlers is an Indian restaurant with 3 out of 5 customer rating
There is a Japanese highly-rated, child friendly, coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel named Browns Cambridge. In the Riverside.
The Rice Boat is an English-style restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area.  It's moderately priced, is not kid-friendly, and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge offers a fast food menu in the lower price range. It is not rated highly by customers.
The Golden Palace is a high rated restaurant in the city center.
The Strada pub near Yippee Noodle Bar, which offers French food, has an average rating.
